.TH YAWLS "1" "July 17, 2015" "Dominik Brämer" "Yawls automatic display brightness"
.SH NAME
yawls \- Automatic brightness adjustment
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fByawls\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Yawls (Yet Another Webcam Light Sensor) adjusts the brightness level of your display by
using the internal/externel webcam of your notebook as an ambient light sensor.

Yawls obtains configuration data from the following sources:
.IP
/etc/yawls.properties
.IP
/etc/cron.d/yawls
.IP
/var/lib/yawls/*

.SS "Option Summary:"
.TP
\fB\-\-cron\fR		or \fB\-c\fR	use webcam as brightness reference (one time)
.TP
\fB\-\-daemon\fR		or \fB\-d\fR	use webcam as brightness reference (continuously)
.TP
\fB\-\-gui\fR		or \fB\-g\fR	starts gui
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR		or \fB\-h\fR	shows help
.TP
\fB\-\-restore\fR		or \fB\-r\fR	restore config files
.SS "Option Details:"
.HP
\fB\-c\fR (\fB\-\-cron\fR)
.IP
Uses the internal/exteranl webcam as brightness reference one time.The function is per
default used by cron to start yawls every 15 minutes (default). It usually takes a while
for the program to work properly, because it configures itself from run to run. You can
reduce this time if you force the run once in a dark and once in a bright room or you use
the GUI to run the calibration task.
.HP
\fB\-d\fR (\fB\-\-daemon\fR)
.IP
Uses the internal/exteranl webcam as brightness reference but continuously. Only for testing
purpose if started directly from command line because it is actually used by the init.d script
(/etc/init.d/yawls). It usually takes a while for the program to work properly, because it
configures itself from run to run. You can reduce this time if you force the run with the
cron option once in a dark and once in a bright room or you use the GUI to run the calibration
task.
.HP
\fB\-g\fR (\fB\-\-gui\fR)
.IP
Shows an GUI of the program.
.HP
\fB\-r\fR (\fB\-\-restore\fR)
.IP
Resets all config files:

/etc/yawls.properties

/var/lib/yawls/*
.HP
\fB\-h\fR (\fB\-\-help\fR)
.IP
Shows an quick help about the program.
.HP
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
yawls \fB\-c\fR
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written by Dominik Brämer <thedsweb@googlemail.com>
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.PP
Report bugs at <https://launchpad.net/yawls/+bugs> or <thedsweb@googlemail.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
